# Ned Solden (He/Him)

## Overview

Ned Solden is basically Space Michael Bolton from Office Space but with less
hair. Technically competent in specific areas with enough bottled rage to beat
a protocol droid to death for erroring out too many times.

## Intro

Ned is a burned out IT worker at your classic Mega Corp. He's worked in the same
place long enough to know a little about almost everything and not give a shit
about nearly everyone.

The cheques clear, the auto-docs take his insurance, and he's mediocre enough
to stay off people's radar. That's really all that matters to Ned.

If Mega Corp ever tried to fuck him over, he'd burn the place down the second he
found a decent exit strategy.

Ned lives in a tiny one bedroom starter apartment that he never cared enough
to move from. He's been there for going on 25 years now, but the constant
rotation of tenants means he's never taken the time to meet much less get to
know his neighbors. To his landlord, Ned is a fact: the building has 3 studio
apartments available, a dedicated mail room, and a Ned.

Ned's apartment is classic bachelor-chique: bare white walls, a large view
screen, and a collection of furniture that's perfectly function and trapped
somewhere between outdated and "vintage".

There is _one_ piece of art hung on the wall: a single twenty-by-twenty
centimeter mass-produced print of a bowl of fruit that an old friend brought by
to "brighten the place up" shortly after Ned moved in. Ned doesn't really like
it, but he's too sentimental to take it down or replace it with something else
(not that he'd ever admit it).

It's less of a piece of art and more of a memorial to youthful optimism.

Ned's bathroom contains the bare minimum to be considered functional. Though, he
does have a trash can with a liner in his bathroom - he's not a monster. While
his shower contains nothing more than a cheap bar of soap and store-brand
shampoo, the cabinet under his sink holds an odd collection of barely used and
overpriced skin creams, multivitamins, and a "crystal" that was supposed to help
relieve some of his "negative energy" - all "gifted" to him on various birthdays
and holidays from family members trying to "be there (sic) own boss" in a pyramid
scheme.

## Connections

### Family

#### Parents

Ned's parents (Susan and Clark) had kids way too young and have spent there
later years desperately trying to reclaim their lost youth. The only
understanding they have of Ned's line of work is that it's successful enough
that he's never had to ask them for money. Also, "computers".

### Aunt Sylvia (Susan's Sister)

Got married too young and divorced too late. With the kids out of the house, she
spends most of her time bouncing between MLMs. Her massive purse rattle with
tiny skincare samples and a random pair of leggings (packaged for retail sale)
that even a Toydarian would turn their nose up at.

The back of her vehicle doubles as a pop-up storefront.

Every year on Ned's birthday, she sends him a nice card that doubles as an
invite to a "party" for drinks and a chance to talk about an "amazing business
opportunity" and a bottle of skin cream that's been rolling around in the trunk
of her car of months.

### Friends

Neds friends consist of a group of folks who are different levels corporate
drone but all hate their jobs equally. 

They all met the same way: at the bar. Their strongest bond is their shared
misery.

#### Azummoka (Twi'lek, She/Her)

Azummoka, (Mocha to her friends). Machinist. As good with a welding torch as Ned
is with a terminal. 

#### Kthira'shi'ktarloo (Chiss, He/Him)

When you ask Kthira about his line of work, he'll just smile and say "I work in
sales". Same smile, same tone every time. It's less like he's answering the
question and more like he's playing back a voicemail.

When Kthira complains about his job, the problems have a familiar outline but
the characters never seem to stay the same. It's less like he's talking about
work and more like he's talking about something he saw on a newsfeed.

Ned and the others are fairly certain what Kthira' actually does is super
illegal, but no one's brave enough to ask him about it directly.

#### Q Forsen (Human, They/Them)

Q's work troubles seem to always be the same but at different places. The
others in the group are starting to think that the problem might actually be
them, but no one wants to be the one to tell them that.

Q's current income and ire are currently focused on the long haul transportation
industry.
