# Spells and Abilities

## During an Ability Check

### Feigned Confidence

#### Summary

When you would make an ability check with a skill or tool that doesn’t add your
proficiency bonus, you can first make a DC 15 +1 check. On success, add +2 to
the check.

Limit once per short or long rest

<details><summary><h4>Description</h4</summary>
When you would make an ability check with a skill or tool that doesn’t add your
proficiency bonus, you can first make a DC 15 Charisma (Deception) check. On a
success, you can add your proficiency bonus to the initial ability check. You
can use this feature a number of times equal to your Charisma modifier (a
minimum of once). You regain all expended uses when you finish a short or long
rest.
</details>

## Buff Allies

### Defiant

#### Summary

When you or a creature you can see that can see and understand you makes an
ability check, attack roll, or saving throw, you can roll a d4 and add it to
their roll (no action required).

<details><summary><h4>Description</h4</summary>

Humans are known to be stubborn and often refuse to give up, even against the
worst odds. When you or a creature you can see that can see and understand you
makes an ability check, attack roll, or saving throw, you can roll a d4 and add
it to their roll (no action required). You can use this before or after the
roll, but before the GM determines the roll’s outcome. Once you’ve used this
feature, you must complete a short or long rest before you can use it again.
</details>

### Potent Aptitude

#### Summary

Give a D4 to an ally for one ability check, attack roll, or saving throw. Limit
2 per short or long rest.

<details><summary><h4>Description</h4</summary>

Your technological experience lends you an uncommon insight that you can use to
bolster your allies. To do so, you use a bonus action on your turn to choose one
creature other than yourself within 60 feet of you who can hear you. That
creature gains one Potent Aptitude die, a d4. This die changes as you gain
engineer levels, as shown in the Potent Aptitude column of the engineer table.

Once within the next 10 minutes, the creature can roll the die and add the
number rolled to one ability check, attack roll, or saving throw it makes. The
creature can wait until after it rolls the d20 beforedeciding to use the Potent
Aptitude die, but must decide before the GM says whether the roll succeeds or
fails. Once the Potent Aptitude die is rolled, it is lost.

A creature can have only one Potent Aptitude die at a time.

You can use this feature a number of times equal to your proficiency bonus, as
shown in the engineer table. You regain any expended uses when you finish a
short or long rest.
</details>

### Infuse Item

#### Summary

At the end of a long rest, touch one unenhanced object that is a suit of armor,
a shield, or a simple or martial weapon. Grant +1 to AC or Damage.

<details><summary><h4>Description</h4</summary>

You gain the ability to temporarily enhance a weapon or armor. At the end of a
long rest, you can touch one unenhanced object that is a suit of armor, a
shield, or a simple or martial weapon. Until the end of your next long rest or
until you die, the object becomes an enhanced item, granting a +1 bonus to AC if
it's armor or a shield or a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls if it's a
weapon.

Once you've used this feature, you can't use it again until you finish a long
rest.

This bonus increases to +2 at 10th level and +3 at 15th level.
</details>